docs: add getting started guide for Swift (#19044)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/auth/native-mobile-deep-linking.mdx

      </TabPanel>
    </Tabs>
  </TabPanel>

  <TabPanel id="swift" label="Swift">
  ### Deep link config

>     - Go to your [auth settings](https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/_/auth/url-configuration) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Go to your [auth settings](https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/_/auth/url-configuration) page.
```

prefer ordered list for steps that must be performed in order

>     - You need to enter your app redirect callback on `Additional Redirect URLs` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Enter your app redirect URL in the `Additional Redirect URLs` field. This is the URL that the user gets redirected to after clicking a magic link.
```
